speak personal beauty voting here with
another video and this time bringing the
third video of the series things out of
online how is it good to show here to
you streg or places in gta5 that do not
have online are we have already searched
several times and if I have to show
for you today online and not really
have such can you correct me if I
it's wrong we've already searched
several times and really here today is
that guy leaning against the wall like
You can see is a zombie talking to
he here talk to him here to see the
what does he have to say let's go
7 thousand
ae
Good, you see, he's very funny.
You can stay there all day where he
say very different things
had an hour he said that
including eating a brain without having
brain that is very funny is obvious
that he's a costumed guy working
how did you see the daee more as you already
They told me it's a reference to the game.
edson who is also from rockstar beauty
good guys so that I'll be here
I do not know if I can show
You 're location, it's going to be more
or less, where is this business?
of cinema
I told you that I do not know why
the map is not complete yet'm
making the single player
but it's in this place where I have beauty
I want to see you have to enter the
single player in the campaign to see
because unfortunately it without them
Wanna see the crowd then, if you
liked this video do not leave a favorite
to help in this series and to know that you
is enjoying is alive here face here
As I said, it's a favorite, thanks.